fix(rdb): import privileges and update documentation (#1721)
scaleway/terraform-provider-scaleway: docs/data-sources/rdb_privilege.md

## Attributes Reference

> In addition to all above arguments, the following attribute is exported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to all above arguments, the following attributes are exported:
```

- `id` - The resource ID

> - `region` - The Scaleway region this bucket resides in.

Reviewer 2: `bucket`
